SHATAM CARE LMS - MANUAL TEST STEPS
Everything is at http://localhost:3000
Sign out between roles, or use a private window.

THREE PERSONAS
  Admin      - can do everything.
  Student    - takes courses, earns certificates.
  Evaluator  - does ONLY what the admin ticks. Five rights can be granted:
                 Manage courses     create/edit/publish courses + assessments
                 Author content     chapters, lessons, in-video checkpoints
                 Review content     approve lessons submitted for review
                 Approve certificates
                 Manage people      accounts, passwords, enrolments, groups
               So "Evaluator" is not one job - it is whatever you delegate.

BEFORE YOU START
  cd frappe
  docker compose up -d
  cd shatam-care-web && npm run dev

  You do NOT need the seeder for this script. You create every account and
  course yourself in Part 1 - that is the point, since account creation is
  itself the thing being tested. The only login you need to begin is:

      Administrator / admin

  (If you just want to poke around without doing Part 1, run
   python3 seed-demo.py - it creates ready-made accounts and a course:
      demo.student@example.com      / Kestrel-Bamboo-42    learner
      demo.evaluator@example.com    / Evaluator-Bamboo-42  certificates only
      demo.coordinator@example.com  / Coord-Bamboo-42      all five rights
   Those are NOT used by the steps below.)

ACCOUNTS YOU WILL CREATE IN PART 1
  test.learner@example.com   / Learner-Bamboo-42    student
  test.certonly@example.com  / CertOnly-Bamboo-42   evaluator, certificates only
  test.coord@example.com     / Coord2-Bamboo-42     evaluator, all five rights
  test.reject@example.com    / Reject-Bamboo-42     student (only for Part 6, optional)


PART 1 - ADMIN SETS EVERYTHING UP
1.  Go to localhost:3000. Log in as Administrator / admin.
    See: dashboard cards for Courses, People, Groups, Review, Approvals,
         Content.
2.  Click People.
    See: a list of accounts. Each row shows a persona badge
         (Admin / Evaluator / Student) and, for evaluators, what they can do.
3.  Click "+ New person". Choose persona STUDENT.
    Name: Test Learner. Email: test.learner@example.com
    Try password demo1234 first - it should be REJECTED as too weak.
    Then use: Learner-Bamboo-42
    See: created, and a temporary password shown once. Write it down.
4.  Click "+ New person". Choose persona EVALUATOR.
    Name: Cert Only. Email: test.certonly@example.com
    Password: CertOnly-Bamboo-42
    Tick ONLY "Approve certificates". Leave the other four unticked.
    See: created.
5.  Click "+ New person". Choose persona EVALUATOR.
    Name: Full Coordinator. Email: test.coord@example.com
    Password: Coord2-Bamboo-42
    Tick ALL FIVE rights.
    See: created.
5b. Try "+ New person" again with an email you already used.
    See: refused - "An account already exists for ...". It must NOT silently
         create or overwrite.
6.  In the People list, find "Cert Only" and click "Edit rights".
    See: checkboxes reflecting only "Approve certificates".
    Tick "Review content" as well, save, then untick it again and save.
    See: the row updates both times. (This is the "editable later" behaviour.)
6c. Click Groups. In "Student Groups", enter a title
    (e.g. "Nashik — Coordinator Priya") and a region, click Add.
    See: the group appears in the list. These are internal reporting tags only;
         confirm later (step 24) that a student never sees them.
7.  Click Courses (the admin one). Click "+ New course".
    Title: Manual Test Course.  Leave the introduction BLANK.
    See: it creates successfully. (A title-only course must work.)
8.  Open the course. Under Final Assessment set pass mark 50, click Create.
    Then add a question: "Which is safe?" with options "Bend knees" (tick as
    correct) and "Bend back". Add question.
    See: the question appears in the list.
8b. Still on the course page, find the "Certificate Evaluators" section. In
    "Search a user to add as evaluator...", add Full Coordinator (test.coord).
    See: a course can hold SEVERAL evaluators - both approvers now cover it.
    Then in "Teachers" -> "Search a user to add as teacher...", add Full
    Coordinator too.
    See: multiple teachers per course; adding one grants the Course Creator role.
9.  Click Content in the top bar. Open Manual Test Course.
    Click "+ Add lesson". Chapter: Module A. Title: Lesson A.
    YouTube: dQw4w9WgXcQ. Create.
    See: lesson appears with a Draft badge.
10. Open Lesson A. Let the video play a few seconds.
    Click "Pause here & add quiz checkpoint".
    See: video pauses, a form appears with that timestamp.
11. Question: "What do you bend?" Options "Knees" (tick correct) and "Back".
    Save checkpoint.
    See: a marker appears on the bar under the video.
11b. Add a SECOND checkpoint further into the video (repeat step 10-11).
    See: two markers. A lesson can hold any number; the player fires them in
         time order.
12. Click the checkpoint's timestamp.
    See: the video jumps to that point.
13. Click Edit on the checkpoint, change the wording, Save changes.
    Then click Delete on it.
    See: it updates, then disappears (nobody has answered it yet).
14. Add the checkpoint again (as in steps 10-11) so the learner has one.
14b. On that checkpoint, find "Translations". Choose a language (Hindi) from
    "Select a language...", type a translated question and translated options -
    keep the CORRECT option FIRST, same order as the original - and click
    "Save translation".
    See: the translation appears in the Translations list. (A learner will see
         it at step 26 when their language is set to Hindi.)
15. Click "Submit for review".
    See: status becomes Submitted for Review.
15b. Click Review in the top bar. On Lesson A click REJECT (not Approve).
    See: it leaves the review queue and the lesson returns to the teacher marked
         Rejected - editable again, not stuck. Open Lesson A and click
         "Submit for review" once more.
    See: status is Submitted for Review again. (That exercised the reject path;
         now the approve path.)
16. Click Review in the top bar.
    See: Lesson A pending. Click Approve. It disappears.
17. Go to Courses, open Manual Test Course, click Publish.
    See: badge changes to Published.
18. Go to People. On Test Learner's row click "Enrol in course",
    pick Manual Test Course, click Enrol.
    See: the enrolment appears under the Enrolments tab.


PART 2 - EVALUATOR WITH ONE RIGHT
19. Sign out. Log in as test.certonly@example.com / CertOnly-Bamboo-42
    See: ONLY "Approvals" in the top bar.
         NO Courses, NO Content, NO People, NO Review, NO Certificates.
         This is the whole point of capabilities - verify it carefully.
20. Click Approvals.
    See: the queue loads (probably empty until Part 4).

PART 3 - EVALUATOR WITH ALL RIGHTS
21. Sign out. Log in as test.coord@example.com / Coord2-Bamboo-42
    See: Content, Courses, People, Groups, Review, Approvals in the top bar.
         Still NO learner tabs - staff are not learners.
22. Click Courses. Create a course titled "Coordinator Course".
    See: it succeeds. (Same rights as an admin for courses.)
23. Click People.
    See: the accounts list loads - they hold "Manage people".

PART 4 - STUDENT
24. Sign out. Log in as test.learner@example.com / Learner-Bamboo-42
    See: ONLY "Courses" and "Certificates". No admin tabs at all.
         No Groups tab - the group from step 6c is invisible to learners.
24b. Click Courses and open a course you are NOT enrolled in.
    See: the outline plus an "Enroll" button - NOT a permission error.
         Lessons are listed but not clickable until you enrol.
25. Open Manual Test Course (you were enrolled in step 18).
    See: the real course title as the heading, Module A with Lesson A,
         a Language dropdown, and a Final Assessment card saying pass mark 50%.
         (If it says 100%, that is a bug.)
25b. Set the Language dropdown to Hindi.
    See: "Saved". (This selects the translation you authored in step 14b.)
26. Open Lesson A. Let the video reach your checkpoint's timestamp.
    <-- MOST IMPORTANT STEP
    See: the video PAUSES and the question appears over it - and because your
         language is Hindi, the question and options show in HINDI (the step-14b
         translation), not English.
27. Choose the FIRST option (the "knees" answer), click Submit answer.
    See: "Correct!" Answers are matched by position, so the first option is the
         right one in any language - that is why they are stored by index, not
         text.
28. Click Continue watching.
    See: the overlay closes and the video RESUMES.
29. Reload the page and play from the start again.
    See: the question does NOT appear a second time.
30. Let the video play to the end.
    See: "Lesson marked complete".
31. Go back to the course, click Take assessment.
    See: your question, header says pass mark 50%.
32. Choose "Bend knees", Submit assessment.
    See: "You passed!" and a note about awaiting approval.
33. Go back to the course page.
    See: Certificate section says awaiting approval.
34. Change the Language dropdown.
    See: "Saved".
34b. Click your own name in the top bar (right-hand side).
    See: the My Account page. Change your password: wrong current password
         must be refused; correct one must work. Sign out and back in with
         the new password to confirm.

PART 5 - APPROVAL AND THE SHARED QUEUE
35. Sign out. Log in as test.coord@example.com / Coord2-Bamboo-42 (all five
    rights). Click Approvals.
    See: Test Learner listed as pending. Leave this window open.
35b. In a SECOND window, log in as test.certonly@example.com / CertOnly-Bamboo-42.
    Click Approvals.
    See: the SAME Test Learner pending here too - the queue is shared across
         everyone who can approve, not split up per person.
36. As test.certonly, click "Approve & issue certificate".
    See: the row disappears here.
36b. Return to the test.coord window and refresh Approvals.
    See: Test Learner is GONE from this queue as well - once one coordinator
         approves, it clears from every other coordinator's queue automatically
         (no double-issue, no two people working the same learner).
37. Sign out. Log in as test.learner@example.com. Click Certificates.
    See: a certificate with an ID like SCF-2026-000014.
38. Click "Verification page".
    See: "Valid Certificate" with name, course and date.
39. Copy that URL into a private window (logged out).
    See: still shows "Valid Certificate".
40. Click "Download PDF".
    See: a certificate PDF downloads and opens.


PART 6 - REJECTION PATH (certificate)   optional; uses a throwaway learner
   Certificate rejection is final for that attempt, so it needs its own learner
   rather than the one from Part 4.
41. As Administrator (or test.coord): create a STUDENT
    test.reject@example.com / Reject-Bamboo-42, and enrol them in
    Manual Test Course (People -> Enrol in course).
42. Log in as test.reject. Short version of Part 4: open Lesson A, answer the
    checkpoint, let the video finish, go back, Take assessment, pass it.
    See: the course page says the certificate is awaiting approval.
43. Log in as test.certonly -> Approvals. Find test.reject, type a reason in
    "Reason for rejection (optional)" (e.g. "Please retake Module A"), then
    click Reject.
    See: the row disappears from the queue.
44. Log back in as test.reject -> course page / Certificates.
    See: no certificate is issued, and the rejection reason is shown. Rejection
         is final for this attempt - the learner cannot self-advance past it.


IF SOMETHING FAILS
  Note the step number and what you saw instead.
  Press F12, check the Console tab for red errors.
  Press F12, check the Network tab for failed (red) requests.
  Backend logs: docker compose logs --tail 100 frappe

WHAT EACH ACCOUNT SHOULD SEE IN THE TOP BAR
  Student              Courses, Certificates
  Evaluator (certs)    Approvals
  Evaluator (all five) Content, Courses, People, Groups, Review, Approvals
  Admin                everything
  Staff should never see learner tabs. If they do, the account has the
  LMS Student role by mistake.

KNOWN GAPS - NOT BUGS
  No signup page. Every account is created by an admin (steps 3-5).
  Branding is placeholder - green colours, no logo, stock certificate design.
  Older accounts may show the badge "Teacher (legacy)" - the separate Teacher
  persona was removed; they still work but new ones cannot be created.
  Assessment questions cannot be translated from the UI yet (checkpoints can).

WHEN DONE
  docker compose stop
  Do not use "docker compose down" - it removes the container and the bench
  inside it. Source code is safe either way; only the setup is lost.
